Nan Nan
Your brother-in-law Tang is very busy these days.
It's not safe to be alone at home
What your second aunt means is to let him move into your house for a few days
If the second aunt is worried, you can live with Su Yiyi.
Shu Nan
Just live in a big house in the city for a few days
Just dislike us poor relatives coming
sister-in-law
Take a look. Take a look.
This is what you call a good daughter
Like what goblin?
Nan Nan, you haven't lived for long either.
She is also an adult
I don't need you to take care of her
Let her move in
Sister, we're going to live together
I see you look quite happy
Of course I'm happy.
I am happiest to live with my sister
Cousin, please take care of me these days.
Su Yi, I have something to go out
Don't break things at home by yourself
Ok cousin
What are you proud of when you walk slowly?
Wait until I rob your husband
See where you go to make a face for me
Hmph, what's there to be angry about?
Honey, I'm back.
Where's my wife?